docs: update dev docs for protobuf changes (#90)
elastic/apm-data: dev_docs/HOW_TO.md

   - RUM v3: [input/elasticapm/internal/modeldecoder/rumv3/model.go](/input/elasticapm/internal/modeldecoder/rumv3/model.go)
2. Run `make generate` to generate the corresponding `model_generated.go` and JSON specification from the modified `model.go` in step 1.
3. Run `make update-licenses` to add license header to `model_generated.go` generated in step 2.
4. Add the new field to the corresponding file in `model/proto/`, e.g. `span.proto`.

>    1. Run `make generate-modelpb` to generate the corresponding `span.pb.go`.

Reviewer: Should we also mention that `span_vtproto.pb.go` would also be generated, and we prefer to use the methods from that file when needing to marshal and unmarshal with some brief introduction(as far as I know that was the case)?

Author: > Should we also mention that span_vtproto.pb.go would also be generated,

Good catch! :+1: 

>  and we prefer to use the methods from that file when needing to marshal and unmarshal with some brief introduction(as far as I know that was the case)?

I planned to add that as comments/doc to the methods to make it more visible when using the library. Not sure if that approach makes sense, WDYT ?

Reviewer 2: IMO this is worth both - adding comments and describing the difference and when to use what in the dev docs.

Reviewer: I'm with @simitt. As well as the comments on the methods, having an overview or a brief explanation about why we have `{entity}__vtproto.pb.go` files and why we choose to introduce them could help users to utilize them. (Based on my experience as I didn't know about this before Marc told me about it :) )

Author: Sorry about that! I've added more sections :bow: 

Let me know what you think!

>    2. Run `make update-licenses fmt` to add license header to `span.pb.go` generated in step 1.

Reviewer 3: A little bit of ambiguity here, there's also a step 1 in the outer layer
```suggestion
   2. Run `make update-licenses fmt` to add license header to `span.pb.go` generated in the previous step.
```

Author: Thanks! Good catch :+1:

### 1. Make changes in apm-data (this repo)

1. Modify OTel parsing code in [input/otlp](/input/otlp)
2. Add the new field to the corresponding file in `model/proto/`, e.g. `span.proto`.
   1. Run `make generate-modelpb` to generate the corresponding `span.pb.go`.

>    2. Run `make update-licenses fmt` to add license header to `span.pb.go` generated in step 1.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   2. Run `make update-licenses fmt` to add license header to `span.pb.go` generated in the previous step.
```
